Phase 1 code walkthrough:
First, we need to clone the git repo from github to our own local computer. 
After we've done that, we open command line, and change the directory to the directory of our git repo. 
Now, type 'npm install' in the command line without the quotation marks. This will include all of the features required to run 
this website. 
When we finally see the command line finishing installing, we can type 'npm start' (again, without the quotation marks) to start 
running the website. 
Wait for the app to compile, and once it finishes compile, it will automatically opens a new window in your default web browser, 
which should be google chrome. 
The website address should be 'localhost:3000', representing the port on which our website is running. 
Now we should see the sign in page. According to the handout, we can only use the following set of user credentials:
For admin, the credentials are:
Username: admin
Password: admin
For users, the credentials are:
Username: user
Password: user
If you are an admin, after successfully login, you will be led to the admin page.
The admin page is a dashboard that allows the admin to perform the following three actions:
1. Approve/Reject the incoming house listing request from landlords
2. See all the listing houses, and if the admins are not satisfy with the condition of a house, they can cancel the listing.
3. Approve/Reject the incoming roommate request from users.
On the top-left corner, there is an expand icon. When you click on that icon, a side bar will show up and allows you to switch between these
functionalities.

If you are a user, after successfully login, you will be led to the main page.
If we don't enter the above username and password, we will have an alert. 

We do have a sign up page, and the yellow sign up button on the top right corner will direct us to the sign up page. Once we fill out the 
required username, password, and name of the user, we will be redirected to the login page again, and now we can login using the new 
username and password. 

So back to the mainpage for users. Now we can see a lot of features. Because most of our users will be tenants looking for houses/apartments to rent, 
our default mainpage will be the tenant page. 
If you click the 'tenant' button at the top, it will direct us to the same page as the one we are currently on. On the left side of the 
navigation bar at the top, we can see a search bar. 
The function of the search bar is not implemented yet, but it should help the user search specific houses. 
Going to the right side of the nav bar, we can see several options. The landlord button will direct us to the landlord page, and the 
roommate button will direct us to the roommate page. These 2 we will talk about later. 
If we click the sign out button, we will sign out, and go back to the login page we saw at the start. 
To the right of the signout page, we can see the user, admin, and an arrow sign. Usually an arrow sign beside the user represents a 
hidden menu bar, most likely related to the user profile, and that is exactly what we have here. 
Once we click on the arrow button, a menu will pop out, with 3 options: Profile, favourites, and signout. Both profile and favourites 
are linked to the user profile, as users' favourite houses are stored in the profile as well. We have 2 buttons here because just in 
case our user doesn't know where the favourites are, it will be more visible to first time users. We will look at the profile page 
in detail later. 
Underneath the navbar we see a set of different locations. Clicking on them should help us filter the houses, which will be implemented
next phase. 
Then we see categories, locations, prices, and duration of stay on the left hand side underneath. Again, these filter functions will be
implemented next phase. 
The cards on the right represents the actual houses on rent. Clicking on the houses will have a side bar popping out, giving us a 
general description of the house. At the bottom of the description we have a button to direct us to a more detailed info of the house. 
We can also click on the little heart button at the bottom right corner of the card to add it to user's favourite, a function to be 
implemented. For now, every card will link to the same house detail page, this is because we only have one set of dummy data for now,
but we will change this in phase 2.
At the very bottom of the page, we can find a pagination bar as well, but it's function is not implemented. 
Now we've finished inspecting the tenant page, let's move on to landlord page. 
By clicking the landlord button at the top, we will be given a form. The form asks us for all kinds of information that will be 
displayed on website. At any time if you need to leave the computer, you can exit the page by clicking the 'back to mainpage' button
at the bottom. Otherwise, we will have a submit button at the last step of this form. Clicking that will prompt us with a notification
bar, and we can click the return to main page to, well, return to main page. 
One note would be: if you press the back to mainpage button, the info that you have already entered will not stay 
there, and you will need to type it in again next time you enter the landlord page. 
Now with landlord page being done, we can access the roommate page via mainpage navbar. The same navbar and location bar appears, but 
we have a whole new filter on the left hand side. Gender, age, location, pet friendliness, smoking habits, all the standards you will
need to find a perfect roommate is there. If these are not enough, at the very bottom, we have even more filters. The search button is
malfunctioning at this time, but won't stay like that for too long. 
The general info on roommates will be displayed in card forms as well, on the right hand side. We can click on the view detail button
on the card for further details. For phase 1, even though we have different cards representing different roommate candidates, this button
will always link to the detail of Jinda Huang, as we only have one set of dummy data. 
Again, we see the page numbers at the bottom. 
Then we are done with the roommate page. We can take a look at the user profile page next. Clicking the arrow sign to open the menu, 
and click profile. 
Here, we can see the navbar still appears at the top. This is designed like this so user can access any page from their profile. 
We can see the name of the user at the top, a profile picture that can be changed, and some information on the user. 
The change profile picture button will be implemented next phase. 
In the user info, we can see our account details, with our username, admin, and password coded for security reasons. 
We identify both tenants and landlords as users, as a user can be both looking for a house and renting an apartment. Hence, we can see
ratings of such user in both tenant aspect and landlord aspect. The change password page is like the sign in page, where we would ask
for the username, see it it's an existing user, and check the password. If there 2 are correct, then we ask for a new password different
from the old one, and ask for retyping the password expecting to see matching passwords. Submitting takes us back to the profile page. 
Underneath we can see in the tenant section, the favourite houses, the currently renting house(s), and the history of rented houses. 
Clicking next will move us to the next house until the last one, at which our next button will be disabled. Same applies to the prev 
button, but it is disabled at the start.
In addition to the view detail button that takes us to the detailed house info page we showed before, we have a write review button
for any houses in the renting history. 
As for landlords, they can update info for their houses on rent, and they can also write reviews for tenants that rented their houses in
the past. 
Hence we have shown all the pages for phase 1. 